\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c $Id$
@c %**start of header
@setfilename hpucode.info
@settitle hpucode manual
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@ifinfo
This file documents hpucode.

Copyright 2002 Husky Development Team

@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title hpucode manual
@subtitle uue scanner for fido message bases
@author Max Chernogor

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2002 Husky Development Team 

@end titlepage

@dircategory Fidonet Software
@direntry
* hpucode: (hpucode).		UUE Scanner and decoder.
@end direntry

@node Top, , , (dir)
@top hpucode

This document describes the use of hpucode.

@menu
* About::			About hpucode
* Algorithm::			How it works
* Keywords::			FidoConfig keywords
* Parameters::			Command-line parameters
* Feedback::			Contact info
@end menu

@node About, Algorithm, Top, Top
@chapter About hpucode

	hpucode is a uue code scanner and decoder. It can decode
multisection messages with uue, which is being posted by popular
encoders such as UUEWizard, AutoUUE, hpt post -u :]

@node Algorithm, Keywords, About, Top
@chapter How it works

	hpucode scans all echoareas passed via command line for
uuecode. If uue code found, it extracts it and decodes to protected
inbound. There is an opportunity to create tic file for each decoded
file. To use this ability you should defile yourself as link in
fidoconfig. Tics is being created from your address, but origin will be
set to the address of original message poster. If ImportLog is defined
in fidoconfig and exists, only areas from this file will be scanned for
uue code.


@node Keywords, Parameters, Algorithm, Top
@chapter FidoConfig keywords

@table @asis
@item Syntax:
@code{UUEEchoGroup <groupname> <areamask> [[areamask] ... ]}
@item Example:
@code{UUEEchoGroup PICS RU.SEX.* SU.COOL.STARS}
@end table

	This token describes a group of echoareas which will be scanned
for uue code. @code{groupname} is a name of filearea where decoded
files will be posted. If UUEEchoGroup not defined, filearea will be
named uue.<areatag> For example:
uue was found in area RU.PICTURES.ADV, so filearea when file is being
posted will be named uue.RU.PICTURES.ADV

@node Parameters, Feedback, Keywords, Top
@chapter Command-line parameters

Usage: @code{hpucode} -[del|cut] [[<areamask1>] 
@itemize @bullet
@item -del
Remove successfully decoded messages from msgbases
@item -cut
Cut uue code from message body. If uue is multisectional, only
1st message will be cut, messages with all other sections will be
deleted
@item Example:
@code{hpucode -cut ru.* su.* pvt.* netmail}
@end itemize


@node Feedback, , Parameters, Top
@chapter Contacting the author

Max Chernogor is the main developer of hpucode.
You can reach him at:

@itemize @bullet
@item Fidonet:
2:464/108, 
2:550/4077.51

@item e-mail:
mche@@ua.fm

@end itemize

@bye
